Add HtmlEditor Keyboard Support article (#2220)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/20 Keyboard Support.md

> An end user can use the following keys to interact with the UI component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can use the following keys to interact with the UI component:
```

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>PC</th>
        <th>Mac</th>
        <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + C</td>
        <td>&#8984; + C</td>
        <td>Copy</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + V</td>
        <td>&#8984; + V</td>
        <td>Paste</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + Z</td>
        <td>&#8984; + Z</td>
        <td>Undo</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + Y</td>
        <td>&#8984; + Y</td>
        <td>Redo</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + A</td>
        <td>&#8984; + A</td>
        <td>Select All</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + B</td>
        <td>&#8984; + B</td>
        <td>Bold</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + I</td>
        <td>&#8984; + I</td>
        <td>Italic</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">Enter</td>

>         <td>Insert a line break (e.g. a new paragraph)</td>

Reviewer: Firstly, `e.g.` needs a comma after, secondly, you should not use Latin abbreviations.
